Update change-email-address.md (#836)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/email/change-email-address.md

4. Follow the steps to confirm that you own your domain and to change your email address.
    
You'll be guided to get everything set up correctly with your domain in Office 365.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you're not using an exchange license, you cannot use the domain to send/receive emails from the o365 tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are not using an Exchange license, you cannot use the domain to send or receive emails from the Office 365 tenant.
```
